Change to Use calls with IConfigureExecution.SortOrder (#3277)
graphql-dotnet/graphql-dotnet: docs2/site/docs/getting-started/dependency-injection.md

| `ConfigureExecutionOptions` | Configures execution options at runtime | |
| `ConfigureSchema`       | Configures schema options when the schema is initialized | |
| `Configure<TOptions>`   | Used by extension methods to configures an options class within the DI framework | |
| `UseApolloTracing`      | Registers and enables metrics depending on the supplied arguments, and adds Apollo Tracing data to the execution result | |
| `UseAutomaticPersistedQueries` | Enables Automatic Persisted Queries support | GraphQL.MemoryCache |
| `UseMiddleware<>`       | Registers the specified middleware and configures it to be installed during schema initialization | |

The above methods will register the specified services typically as singletons unless otherwise specified. Graph types and middleware are registered
as transients so that they will match the schema lifetime. So with a singleton schema, all services are effectively singletons.

> Methods that start with `Configure` and `Use` execute in the order they appear, which may be important. For instance,

Author: ```suggestion
Calls to `ConfigureExecution` and methods that start with `Use` execute in the order they appear, which may be important. For instance,
```

| `ConfigureExecutionOptions` | Configures execution options at runtime | |
| `ConfigureSchema`       | Configures schema options when the schema is initialized | |
| `Configure<TOptions>`   | Used by extension methods to configures an options class within the DI framework | |
| `UseApolloTracing`      | Registers and enables metrics depending on the supplied arguments, and adds Apollo Tracing data to the execution result | |
| `UseAutomaticPersistedQueries` | Enables Automatic Persisted Queries support | GraphQL.MemoryCache |
| `UseMiddleware<>`       | Registers the specified middleware and configures it to be installed during schema initialization | |

The above methods will register the specified services typically as singletons unless otherwise specified. Graph types and middleware are registered
as transients so that they will match the schema lifetime. So with a singleton schema, all services are effectively singletons.

Calls to `ConfigureExecutionOptions` and methods that start with `Add` will execute first, in the order they
appear, followed by calls to `ConfigureExecution` and methods that start with `Use`. The order of the calls

> may be important. For instance,
> calling `UseMemoryCache` prior to `UseAutomaticPersistedQueries` would result in the memory cache being unable to
> cache any APQ queries.

Author: ```suggestion
may be important. For instance, calling `UseMemoryCache` prior to `UseAutomaticPersistedQueries` would result in
the memory cache being unable to cache any APQ queries.
```
